Clarify how clients should order lists of outputs to preserve privacy (#35)
cashubtc/nuts: 06.md

To make this more clear, we make an example of a typical case of sending tokens from `Alice` to `Carol`:

`Alice` has 64 satoshis in her wallet, composed of two tokens, one worth 32 sats and another two worth 16 sats. She wants to send `Carol` 40 sats but does not have the necessary tokens to combine them to reach the exact target amount of 40 sats. `Alice` requests a split from the mint. For that, she sends the mint `Bob` her tokens (`Proofs`) worth `[16, 16, 32]` and asks for a split at amount 40. The mint will then return her new tokens with the amounts `[8, 8, 16, 32]`. Notice that the first two tokens can now be combined to 40 sats. The original tokens that `Alice` sent to `Bob` are now invalidated.

> Note that in order to preserve privacy around the exact amount a client might be trying to build a token for, the client **SHOULD** ensure that the list of `Proof`s and `BlindedMessage`s are always ordered by amount in ascending order. For example, a request for tokens expressed like so: `[16, 8, 2, 64, 8]` might imply the client is building a payment for 26 sat; the client should instead order the list like so: `[2, 8, 8, 16, 64]` to reduce extra information given to the mint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: In order to preserve privacy around the amount that a client might want to send to another user and keep the rest as change, the client **SHOULD** ensure that the list of `BlindedMessage`s is ordered by amount in ascending order. As an example of what to avoid, a request for tokens expressed like so: `[16, 8, 2, 64, 8]` might imply the client is building a payment for 26 sat; the client should instead order the list like so: `[2, 8, 8, 16, 64]` to mitigate this privacy leak to the mint.
```
